Documentation (#154)
apple/swift-mmio: Sources/MMIO/Documentation.docc/Getting-Started/Accessing-Registers.md

  // currentStatus.
}
```

If a register's `Read` and `Write` views are identical (all fields are ``MMIO/ReadWrite(bits:as:)`` or ``MMIO/Reserved(bits:as:)``), a simpler `modify` signature is available:

```swift
// Assuming 'symmetricReg.control' only has ReadWrite/Reserved fields:
symmetricReg.control.modify { view in
  // 'view' is an inout ReadWrite view, initialized with the current register value.
  view.someProjectedField = newValue
  view.raw.someRawField = anotherValue
}
```

The two-parameter `modify` closure is essential for registers with asymmetric fields (those defined with ``MMIO/ReadOnly(bits:as:)`` or ``MMIO/WriteOnly(bits:as:)``), as it allows you to inspect read-only state while preparing writes.

### 2. Using `write` (For Overwriting the Entire Register)

The `write` method directly overwrites the entire register. This is appropriate when you need to set all fields to known states simultaneously or/and need to avoid a read of the hardware.

You can construct the `Write` view for `write` in two main ways:

```swift
// Option 1: Initialize a zeroed Write view and set fields (often clearer)
timer0.control.write { controlToWrite in

>     // controlToWrite starts with all bits as 0.

Reviewer: This is a very easy to miss property (that all bits are 0 to start with), and it's only present in documentation, and not implied by the API. I wonder if we have any options of highlighting it further -- i.e. maybe somehow making the API name carry that information, or requiring that the user manually sets the default value, or something like that? (Context: https://github.com/apple/swift-mmio/issues/152)

## Working with Register Arrays

If your ``MMIO/RegisterBlock()`` defines a ``MMIO/RegisterArray``, you access individual registers or register blocks within the array using a standard integer subscript.

```swift
// Assuming 'timer0' from the "Defining Registers" article has:
// @RegisterBlock(offset: 0x10, stride: 0x04, count: 4)
// var channelConfig: RegisterArray<ChannelConfig>

// Access channel 2's configuration register (0-indexed, so index 2 is the third channel)
let channel2ConfigRegister: Register<ChannelConfig> = timer0.channelConfig[2]

// Now read/modify channel2ConfigRegister as a normal register
channel2ConfigRegister.modify { config in
    // Assuming 'someFieldInChannel' is a projected field in ChannelConfig
    config.someFieldInChannel = newValue
    // Assuming 'anotherRawField' is a raw segment field in ChannelConfig
    config.raw.anotherRawField = 0xA
}
```

> Array indexing is 0-based. Accessing an index outside the valid range (`0..<count`) will result in a runtime error (trap).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Array indexing is 0-based. Accessing an index outside the valid range (`0..<count`) results in a runtime error (trap).
```
